It's over.
You really can't blame Dad for this.
Then I don't know what Hindland is.
Heartbroken, you, but I really didn't expect it.
Look at him
My grandfather has taught you too loosely over the years.
I didn't expect you to be afraid of a woman
Never mind.
It's no use saying it as a matter of urgency.
I think I should find a way to save the Lord now
Lost save
You mean my grandpa is not dead yet?
Although I don't know
What was Heimland's ultimate goal?
Hurry up and guess
What!
If I'm right
Elder Shu is now being attacked by Han Menglan
Stay in the Han family in the capital
Beijing Han Family
How dare they not forget
Han Family
There is another one that has never been shot.
monster
Old thing didn't expect it
You finally fell into the hands of me, Han Menglan
Han Menglan
I advise you to stop in time
Zhang Luo Yongza
Never a good choice